hello this is Nick with Nick's computer
fix comm and here's a video to figure
out what graphics card you have in your
laptop or your computer ok let's click
on start and we'll type in the word DX
diag and we'll go up here and click on
that and we get this Direct X test
prompt and it says do you want to check
if your drivers are digitally signed I
always say no but you can say yes anyway
we get this window here DirectX
diagnostic window and it's scanning
takes a few seconds normally once it's
finished we can go up here and click on
the display tab and as you can see it
gives us our graphics card what we have
in our computer this is an older laptop
so it has a ATI Radeon Xpress Series and
over on the right-hand side it gives me
the driver and the driver version that I
have loaded up for that graphics card
alright once you've determined that you
can go ahead go down here and click on
the exit button because I'm going to
show you another way to go about doing
this and click on start and type in the
word device de VI C II and we want to go
up here and click on device manager and
that will open up the device manager
window where I can go up and scroll down
and click on display adapters and as you
can see it shows me the graphics card
that I have in this old laptop running
Windows 7 in a future video I'm going to
do it for Windows 8 so that you can see
how to find it your graphics card in
that operating system alright thanks for
watching subscribe and like my video